I didn't expect you to be so far
The heart is still full of common cultivation yuan
Listen to me, Su She explained, you really know how to act?
You're hurting me.
Do you take me for a fool?
You are Su Shou
Is it a misunderstanding that you have children?
You take my biological sample for a paternity test
Is this also a misunderstanding?
I have kids
I didn't mean to hide it from you.
I wanted to tell you, listen to me
Are you looking for me to find a father for your child?
Find yourself some comfort
From start to finish
I just developed a double together
A joke.
Why don't you explain it?
What I still care about is this perfume.
I'm so sorry.
I shouldn't have given you this birthday present
You tell me what I can do
You are not angry, okay?
I changed my mind.
I'll still let you participate in the wine-making program
But from now on
You must obey me unconditionally
This is what you owe me
Why are you hesitating?
Or do you like richer?
I don't want money.
I can't tell the difference between your tears now
Is for you
It's still Gu Xiaojuan.
I'll do whatever you say.
I will listen to whatever you say, okay?
Yan Ting, are you alright?